Go go back to that shot at me on the Watchman called there. It's so funny.
Cuz back then there is that, that there is no joke.
I just remember how are you here? Right there? Um, I am 31 years old.
That is, if you guys wanna read a really great, like super detailed,
like insanely long, um, it's called uh, the letter to my younger self.
It's the player's tributebune and so when we're writing this, Joe,
it's so long, I'm like, I, well, let me cut back on some of it. They're like,
no, no, we need more detail.
And then it goes to 9,000 words and then they want more detail than it goes.
You dude, <laugh> look at that.
That's a hair. That's a lot. That's a 1980s head of hair. If I ever saw one,
holy. Look at the cops. Looking at you from behind.
Like what the did this guy do?
I'm a manager then. So, so let me, let me give you the backs story into,
into this. So my back up, back up, that's the money pitcher right there.
They a cute face.
How will we.
Doing eight, nine? Uh, I don't know, if he was trouble,
that was that son of habitous major trouble.
So let me go back to where Fri. Um, so I, uh,
I do this radio spot and when they're doing it right radio, this, uh,
TV up. When I do the radio spot,
they're filming me in my car and radio in radio spot.
I'm wearing a WrestleMania t-shirt and I know cause I have this footage still
and I put it up on my motivational Mondays for my very first one, a power,
a power of what's possible.
And then they fill me at my office right now.
Let me just digress the week before I'm going around at night and I'm grabbing
the drawer, you know, like the,
the money drawers and I'm watching video that's up on girls.
Just want to have fun. Remember that with Cindy LA and it had captain Lou,
Alabama wanted, who's like one of my favorite managers,
ever super character that a bunch of movies,
Lou was just super frigging fun to watch he's in that video
and I'm picking up the drawers and I'm not talking to anybody but myself.
And I say, <laugh> there he is. There he is.
Captain Lou with the rubber bands and the beard. I.
Remember that, oh God. So I look up at that video and I go rock and wrestling.
I should have been a part of that. And I walk into my office now,
other bartends gonna come in, count their drawers right now.
And smokey comes in my head bartender and he comes, he goes,
Paige J cuz my real first name is Paige,
Joseph faulenberg and my dad. Yeah. Right?
So that, that, that name's never gonna try any money. Actual wrestling.
Yeah. Paige faalenberg is gonna a tough sell exactly Time in Dallas page. That.
Makes sense. It work right. But my dad's page one and he said, I'm freaking,
you know, you're page two. And I'm like, no, as a little kid, he said,
I didn't like that.
So Dallas Cowboys was my team that I loved the most when I was a little kid,
I don't know cause of the stars or whatever and Landry and all that. And uh,
he ends up, uh, nicknamed me Dallas. So I always love that name.
So I just put 'em together and kind of created it. Right.
So I tried that as handsome. So,
so bottom line is smokey comes in the back and he goes, Paige, Jack, he goes,
uh, what do you mean rock and wrestling? You should have been a part that,
and I said, well, you know, I tried it when I was a kid. He goes, you did,
what was your name? I said, handsome Dallas page. <laugh> he went, oh,
you can forget about using that gimick anymore. And everybody laughed, you know?
And now we're drinking after hours. Right. So I can't get to that in my head,
Joe. And I just start scribbling and I write die diamond Dallas page.
And I said, you know, where'd you get the diamond? I just figured my birthday,
April. And it just kind of flowed was April. April was a diamond month.
April's diamond. Yeah. April 5th is a diamond. And I, um,
I love classy. Freddyie blasy and I love the way that name floated, classy,
Freddy blasy I thought diamond Dallas page a kind of flows. And I go,
what about if my name was I'm too old to be a wrestler now?
Cause remember try one was 22 or 20 23, 22.
And now I'm 31. So you're thinking you were gonna be a manager or something.
I gonna be a manager. Jimmy, Hart's a manager. I could be diamond Dallas page.
Jimmy Hart. You know's got the heart foundation.
I could have the diamond exchange. Whoa, Drake, Drake shot shot.
So now we're getting pretty up man.
<laugh> and at some point I say, uh, I say,
you know, um, you know, there,
there's not a lot of really good looking women in wrestling today.
I go miss Elizabeth's beautiful, but she's girl next door beautiful.
What if I had a whole stable little ladies and I called them diamond dolls and
they were stripper hot. Everyone's like, oh, that'll be a stretch. Whoa, shot,
shot, drink, drink.
And so the end of the night comes around and I'm
like diamond nows page, the diamond exchange, the diamond dolls. I go, man,
that's B a double D bad. And I went,
I just make that up there. I steal that for somebody.
And I just wrote it down a week later here I am with the party news
network and they're interviewing me. And at some point they say,
so where does the voice come from now, Joe,
if there's not a pair of white sunglasses there at a time,
I don't know if I do it,
but they're sitting right the air next to that.
So I grab 'em and I put 'em on and I say, were they your sunglasses? Yeah,
they were my sunglasses. They to wrap around. I mean, if they weren't there,
I don't know if I say it. I don't know if I go into character. Right.
But because I could put a mask on, oh, I go,
the boy comes from diamond. Gimme some.
Volume, gimme some on this. When the ice man puts you in a deep freeze,
it's lights out. Now, ladies, I wasn't talking to you.
I was talking to the ladies on TV. Now, ladies, you must be,
get back to the li get back to the li. Now my, the get over here. Daddy,
you can conduct this interview. You come now. Get with the,
get a little hot in here. Get with the program here. Like I was saying,
when the Iceman puts you in a deep freeze it's lights out. Pay attention,
Mr. Bernstein. Well, let's bring out.
<Laugh> oh my God. This is classic.
You got a Motley crew t-shirt on with no neck. Yes.
Look at this guy. Rock hard. Rich.
Stein.
And then Jack Bernstein has his own show in Jersey on as a podcast on
country music. But he's a big, he was a big jock for a long time. Great pipes.
Oh, this is.
Oh, this is hilarious.
I'm catch the man. He's peeling down the walls of my mind with his bare hands.
He was looking for rough cut diamonds. Don't you know, as a matter of one time,
one of my diamond minds collapsed, collapsed, collapsed.
We had to bring in craves. We had to bring in trays.
We even brought in blades because we were afraid at the bottom of that.
Mind laid this big, big man,
big John <laugh> man. John he's right Jack. We are bringing today. We're.
Bringing out, oh my God. This is classic. What year is all this happening?
That's.
The beginning of where we started. Oh wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait,
wait, wait. Look.
At this girl. The diamond in Dallas satin exchange here.
Oh my you know what I'm saying?
What I'm talking about this man is loved by women all over the,
they love to cuddle him. He is the Ted E bear. If you wouldn't mind, uh,
taking off, take off that jacket. That Teddy bear show the fans.
What you got show. Him'em what you got here. Oh boy.
Teddy. V's gotta be so excited to eat on your showunbeliev specimen man. An.
Unbelievable man here. This ain't no normal Midge wrestler.
This is the next king of the world. You know what I'm talking about, daddy?
Oh my God. That's awesome. Wrestler there. Diamond Dallas and those ladies.
Unbelievable. They can't keep their hands off from the
<laugh><laugh>.
Listen, listen. Listen's listen for Teddy. Does Teddy bear, do.
You have anything to add to this? Just remember
easy animals. Oh.
My God. So, oh my God.
So I know what year is all this? This is 1987.
Oh my God. I'm fresh outta high school.
That's two years outta high school for me.
So what happened was I do this promo where, you know, they got the,
they do it in the show. Like we just went ahead of it. Okay.
Sofreaking we're I'm doing the, the pardon news network. And they say,
where does the voice come from? I look down and I always say,
just don't think it ink it, like write it down. It's right in front of me.
This is your spot. I grab those sunglasses. I put 'em on. And I go,
the voice comes from dam and Dallas page da.
I was born to be able to touch the rest of the manager. It's big. It's bad.
It's no, no, no normal jeans voice. And I took him off and I kept talking.
I radio jock, who is a, who was a great fighter.
His name is Smitty and Smitty sees this.
So this is like a week later. Right?
I get a phone call from the girl in the front desk. She says, um, Paige, um,
there's a someone a call for diamond Dallas page.
I pick up the phone. I go, you smokey. And I hang up the phone. Right?
Cause I think it's smokey ripping me. Right? Right. He calls back. She goes,
it's not smokey. His, name'ssmitty's got a radio show. He wants her to you.
I go, hello? He's like, yeah, we wanna bring you on the show. He goes, you know,
I'm a boxer who has his own show about boxing,
but I wanna start doing wrestling. I go, he goes, I wanna have you on the show.
I go, bro. I don't really do it. I was just making that up. You know?
And he's like, who cares? It's radio. And I'm like, man,
I don't know. He goes, I'm gonna have captain Lou want like,
what's the odds of that. I'm gonna have captain Lou ban on the show.
I want you to be my co-host. I go, do I get to talk to captain Lou? He's like,
absolutely. I go, I'm in <laugh>.
So I do that show and I do another one with sergeants. And he says to me,
he says, you know, you gotta do something with this diamond dos page thing.
You're a natural, I go itty, do what? I don't know what the to do. I mean,
it's just something in my head. And he says,
I got this friend of mine named Rob Russell.
Who's a boxing promoter who now is working for the AWWA up in Minnesota.
I'll give you his address, send him a tapers, something.
So I think about it and I write those storylines for those guys.
And then I make that tape and I send it to thewa
no, Joe. Two weeks later, I get a phone call. Hey, uh,
is this time in Dallas page? And I'm like, uh, yeah. Uh,
is Rob BRSON from thewa we've seen your tape.
We wanna bring you and your boys in for a tryout.
He goes, but we've got one question, you know,
we've shown the tape around and everybody kind of likes your stick. You know,
it's fresh, it's got energy. He said, but no one's ever heard of you.
Where are you guys working? Well, Rob,
we got one problem. Um, none of those guys can wrestle. He's like what?
He goes, why would you send us a tape? I go, it's like a secret society.
Like no one can figure out how to get in. So you know it, why they're training.
I could, you know, manage and they're like, ah, don't call us. We'll call you.
And two weeks later, odd just aligned this for me at some, for some reason,
just to be where I am today. But Paul Haman,
who's one of the biggest stars as you know,
a character on wwhl television was called Paul dangerously.
The time he left the AWA went to the
NWA, which was gonna get bought by Ted earner,
left a huge spot, open for a young guy that could talk.
They brought me in all those clothes. You saw me in.
I was wearing that in Fort Myers, Florida. And I said to my buddy Kurt church,
who was my head bouncer at the time head of the floor and I,
and when this was starting to happen. And I go, dude,
can you imagine if I ever have a reason to dress like this? <laugh> you know,
like, and if anything, I got way more Tapere down. You know,
I wasn't living the gimick, but uh, then it was the beginning of everything.
And then dusty roads it'd come into Florida for Florida championship Pressland
and dusty took me under his wing man.
And he gave me every break that ever meant anything to my career early on.
That's why it was so important for me to be there for Cody because
I'm not getting choked up. Just thinking about it without dusty roads.
There is no diamond Dallas page. He gave me every break I ever had.
And for me to watch his son do what they did last
weekend. Do you, you remember your first match? My first, yeah,
my first match, uh, was a tag match. So let him go. So'm managing now.
Okay. Three and a half years.
And then I finally get the call cause dusty who went to w
and he did just, pokad dotted to ick with him. He came back to run the,
the w CW and you know, he's NWA world champion. He's like the,
one of the smartest guys ever in our business. And, um,
I developed a relationship that was super tight with him when we were in
Florida, but it was his wife, Michelle who really kept it going when he wasn't,
because when I'd call up just to check it when dusty, once in a while,
she'd say, don't worry,
Dallas dusty will call you back and knowing how bad he is at calling someone
back. I know that that's why I thanked Michelle on my whole fame speech,
cuz I know without her,
I don't know if it ever would've kept going the way it did, but dusty, you know,
he brought me in, I managed the Freebird,
Michael psh and Jimmy jam Gar, which was such an education, such a good time.
Michael's still one of my best friends today.
And I helped Scott Hall who was big. Scott Hall come in,
changed his entire look from blonde hair in a big roll with mustache,
had him dye his hair, jet black and give him this rush,
cut beard that like nobody had the five o'clock shadow and no one knew who the
he was.
And I brought him in and what is happening as you see all the crazy clothes I
wore, well,
five months in Magnum TA who's get Dusty's right hand.
Man comes up to me and he's like, listen, the, um,
we're gonna keep you the color commentator box.
I'm also doing color commentating with Eric Fishoff who would later run the
company. Um, and he said, um, he said,
we can't let you manage anymore. I'm like, what, what I do wrong? He goes,
it's not, it's not anything you're doing wrong, bro. He goes, he goes,
you just with the hair and the rap and the, and those crazy clothes. He goes,
you're taking too much attention away from the boys.
And they're the ones who draw the money. And I was like, so,
are you telling me Magnum that I'm too over the top for wrestling <laugh>
and he goes as a manager, kind of, he said, but you know,
what we should have done is put you in a pair of tights and boots and see if you
could do this. I had seven months left on my contract, bro. I said, this.
I never got in this business to be a manager. I wanted to live the dream.
Well, I'm gonna do it.
And I went down there and they beat the out of me. Now,
did they teach you how to do it first? No, they,
what they do is they blow you up. This is how it was not done. NXTs is,
is different. Um, like down their performance center,
but the original power plant. My, one of my,
another mentors of a guy named Jody Hamilton, who was the assassin.
And he really taught me a lot and sort of this guy, Sarge,
but in the beginning they wanna run you off. So they wanna see if you'll quit.
Oh, absolutely. It's like to get you to quit.
It's a different level of seal training.